FADE IN:

EXT. UNDERGROUND COLONY - DAY

We see a desolate landscape. There are no trees, no animals, no signs of life. The only thing that breaks the monotony of the landscape is a large metal door set into the side of a hill.

We hear the sound of footsteps, and the door opens. A woman, DR. SARAH JAMES, steps out. She is tired and dirty, but she has a look of determination on her face.

Sarah begins to walk across the landscape. She knows she has a long journey ahead of her, and she is not sure if she will make it. But she has to try.

After a few hours of walking, Sarah comes to a small stream. She kneels down and takes a drink of water. As she does, she hears a noise behind her.

She turns around and sees a group of people, all armed with guns. They are dirty and ragged, but they look dangerous.

Sarah stands up and faces the group. She knows she is outnumbered and outgunned, but she is not afraid.

GROUP LEADER:

Who are you?

SARAH:

My name is Sarah James. I'm a scientist. I've developed a cure for the pandemic.

GROUP LEADER:

A cure?

SARAH:

Yes. I need to get to the surface. I need to get this cure to the other colonies.

GROUP LEADER:

The surface is dangerous. We can't risk our lives for your cure.

SARAH:

You don't have to risk your lives. I'll go alone.

GROUP LEADER:

No. We'll go with you.

Sarah knows that she won't be able to convince the group to let her go alone. But she is glad they are coming with her. She knows she will need all the help she can get.

The group sets off across the landscape. They are all tired and scared, but they know they have to keep going.

Suddenly, they hear a noise in the distance. They all duck down and take cover.

Sarah looks through her binoculars and sees a group of people on the horizon. They are all armed and they look dangerous.

Sarah knows that she and her group are in trouble. They are outnumbered and outgunned. But she is not giving up.

She knows that the only way to save the human race is to get to the surface with the cure.

FADE OUT.